how you doing Rick job you guys ha free
spores for everybody from fifty fourth
Street to Fifth Avenue happy
thanksgiving here we go all the way to
the oh not why didn't make it hey ray
say three guys the size of your finger
not you off the side of a 30-story
building and you had to climb all the
way back up to terrible part how mad
would you be at those three little
thinking types I'd go with mighty pissed
okay and throw in a sugar to that giant
blue and white toy van thing or whatever
is still coming it's climbing the
building
I'm impressed with his agility
considering this complete lack of bones
good news we got the super slammer back
up close ecto 1 is rolling repositioning
now be cool to stay up there for a few
minutes if by few you mean less than 1
then sure we can do that hey did
somebody tell you is breaking no sweat
kid we've got you well long as you're
counting did you see if you could knock
off me too sweetie all right there
sunshine okay you're all strapped in
we've got a good tight grip on yourself
he comes
in blog of densely packed marshmallow oh
boy meltem chief give him full screen
he's right broking help the church
doesn't begin for another 89 days
you can generate from 200,000 square
feet of solid marshmallow
upset
you
all right there sunshine are you okay
you're all strapped in yourself a big
daddy manifestation of snow a raging
lava densely packed marshmallow oh boy
meltem chief give him full screen is
right Rocky health insurance doesn't
begin for another nine days mini
how many can you generate from 200,000
square feet of solid marshmallow
hold on Dartz should do the trick that
is upset look what do you think
darts
got him on the ropes partner I'm the
last one so we can go home
you kill my dessert scoreboard reads
ghostbusters 2 gozer the gozerian 0
looking like a real big leaguer out
there champ great interim position the
trap is set we're prepared to capture
state huh where is he he's that white
puddle you're driving through timings
off by just a hairy gone but we're glad
the trap is working again i guess i owe
you guys my life she's clean how do you
feel pretty good all extremely weird
things considered so far just another
screwed-up day at the office and you
know I never forget a face attached to
all the rest of that I think we met
earlier at the central hotel you gave me
the sideshow chicken drop my name's
Alyssa dr. Elissa Selwyn and i am dr.
Peter Venkman and that's see Egon
sir ray listen dude you met him uh-huh
the ghostbusters have you ever been
involved in this type of quantum
temporal rift event before a quantum you
off it's called arcing a large pulse of
psychic energy actually yes I was at the
Museum a pulse of blue light surged
through the building and then I was
standing outside a room on the 13th
floor of an old hotel the sedgwick the
sedgwick doesn't have a 13th floor it
was pulling me like a magnet I felt as
though I was in a deep dream I came to
and ran over here here it's a temporary
office while I'm in town I came to do
some research after I woke up we'd like
you to come to our labs we can run some
brief tests and asking more questions
here's an easy one would you like to go
out for thai mexican japanese wow dr.
Venkman that time you almost went 45
seconds without saying something
abrasive want to try for a whole minute
next time a doctor and a fiery 12 Jeremy
so charming
you